=head1 NAME

pgOtter

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    pgOtter [options] file-1 file-2 ... file-n

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item --config -c

Name of file containing configuration for log parsing.

=item --output-dir (-o)

Directory where to put output files. If the directory does not exist - pgOtter
will try to create it. Directory name can contain strftime-like format strings.

=item --log-type (-l)

One of: csvlog, stderr, syslog - depending on your settings in PostgreSQL.conf

=item --log-line-prefix (-p)

Value of I<log_line_prefix> option in PostgreSQL that did create those logs

=item --jobs (-j)

Number of parallel jobs that I<pgOtter> can spawn to process logs.

=item --version (-V)

Shows version of pgOtter that you have installed, and exits.

=item --help (-h)

Prints usage information.

=item --long-help (-hh)

Prints usage information with additional information.

=back

More options are listed in REPORT OPTIONS part below, accessible via --long-help
command line argument.

=head1 REPORT OPTIONS

Just a placeholder for now.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

pgOtter is a tool for analyzing PostgreSQL query logs. It is meant to be the
most configurable and reasonably fast.

=head1 CONFIG FILE

Since configuration of what you want in the analysis, and how can be complex,
it's generally more advisable to use config file, instead of command line
arguments.

Config file contains normal command line arguments, one per line, with optional
empty lines and comments (lines starting with # character).

Order of parsing options is exactly as specified - that is options passed to
pgOtter before "--config=some_file" will get overwritten by options from config
file, and thee in turn will get overwritten by any options that are after
"--config=some_file".

=head1 OUTPUT

Generated output consists of many files, with main report file being
"index.html".

It is generally not good idea to output reports from different runs of pgOtter
in the same place, so --output-dir option supports strftime-like format strings,
so you can:

    pgOtter -c some_config_file -o "/var/www/pgOtter/%Y-%m-%d"

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

pgOtter uses environemnt variables to configure some aspects of its execution.
Namely:

=over

=item * TMPDIR - location of directory where pgOtter creates its temporary files

=item * PATH - should be set so that pgOtter can find decompressors needed to
access logs (gzip, bzip2)

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

The pgOtter project is Copyright (c) 2012 OmniTI. All rights reserved.

